update mgmt image list for Airgap scenarios (#562)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-automated-provision.adoc

cp sriov-auto-filler.sh /opt/sriov/sriov-auto-filler.sh
----

> The content of `custom/files/sriov-auto-filler.sh` is a script that can be used to configure the system for SR-IOV and can be downloaded from the following https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/blob/release-{version-edge-registry}/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp/eib/custom/files/sriov-auto-filler.sh[link].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of `custom/files/sriov-auto-filler.sh` is a script that can be used to configure the system for SR-IOV and can be downloaded from the following https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/blob/{release-tag-atip}/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp/eib/custom/files/sriov-auto-filler.sh[link].
```

                    name: sriov-crd
                    namespace: kube-system
                  spec:
                    chart: oci://registry.suse.com/edge/{version-edge-registry}/sriov-crd-chart
                    targetNamespace: sriov-network-operator

>                     version: 1.3.0

Reviewer: This has to be templated as well.

Author: IIRC the PR from Steve was changing this... let's wait to merge them before

Reviewer 2: Yes #560 now merged so if you rebase this should now be fixed 👍

                    name: sriov-network-operator
                    namespace: kube-system
                  spec:
                    chart: oci://registry.suse.com/edge/{version-edge-registry}/sriov-network-operator-chart
                    targetNamespace: sriov-network-operator

>                     version: 1.3.0

Reviewer: Same as above.

Author: same
